Create top level hidden assets folder and add scripts for nvidia docs (#161)
lmstudio-ai/docs: _assets/README.md

---

> title: Hidden Assets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Unlisted Assets
```

description: Container for docs assets that should not appear in navigation
---

> Use this folder for any hidden assets (scripts, examples, downloads) that you want to link directly via raw GitHub URLs without exposing them in the docs sidebar.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
Use this folder for any unlisted documentation assets (scripts, examples, downloads) that you want to link directly via raw GitHub URLs without exposing them in the docs sidebar.
```
